Update editors snippets about customizing (#1504)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/SelectBox/05 Customize Item Appearance.md

        { text: "SuperPlasma 50", visible: false }
    ];

    function App(props) {
        return (
            <SelectBox ...
                dataSource={products} 
                displayExpr="text"
                valueExpr="text"
            />
        );
    }
    export default App;

---

> If you need a more flexible solution, define an [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#itemTemplate'). In Angular and Vue, you can declare it in the markup. In React, you can use a rendering function (shown in the code below) or component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a more flexible solution, specify [itemTemplate](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/DataExpressionMixin/1%20Configuration/itemTemplate.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#itemTemplate'). In Angular and Vue, you can declare it in the markup. In React, you can use a render function or component as shown in the following example:
```

    // ...
    ];

    export default function App(props) {
        return (
            <SelectBox ...
                dataSource={selectBoxData} 
                displayExpr="name"
                valueExpr="id"
                itemRender={renderItem}
            />
        );
    }

---

> If you use jQuery, use <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/manipulation/" target="_blank">DOM manipulation methods</a> to combine the HTML markup for items. To apply this markup, use the **itemTemplate** callback function as shown in the following code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use jQuery, use <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/manipulation/" target="_blank">DOM manipulation methods</a> to create HTML markup for items. To apply this markup, use the **itemTemplate** callback function as shown in the following code:
```

        });
    });

> You can also customize an individual **SelectBox** item. In Angular, Vue, and React, declare them using the [dxItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/Markup_Components/dxItem/) component. When using jQuery, you can declare the items as scripts and reference them in the [template](/api-reference/_hidden/CollectionWidgetItem/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSelectBox/Configuration/items/#template') option or assign a customization function straight to this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize an individual **SelectBox** item. In Angular, Vue, and React, declare them using the [dxItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/Markup_Components/dxItem/) component. In jQuery, you can declare the items as scripts and reference them in the [template](/api-reference/_hidden/CollectionWidgetItem/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSelectBox/Configuration/items/#template') option or assign a customization function straight to this option:
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!--HTML-->
    <div id="selectBoxContainer"></div>
    <script id="individualTemplate" type="text/html">
        <span>Comment</span>
    </script>

    <!--JavaScript-->
    $(function() {
        $("#selectBoxContainer").dxSelectBox({
            items: [{ 
                template: function() {

>                     return $("<span>").text("User");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    // custom markup specified directly in the template option
                    return $("<span>").text("User");
```
